background like last week welcome
everyone to this week's I plot a meeting
it's February the 4th 2019 it's a big
weekly meeting and we talked about yeah
all the topics that we tackle it in the
IP LD world yeah so the crib pad is on
the github repository but I won't post
it also in the chat and I am looking for
a note-taker by the way I'm also happy
to put then then nodes into github and
everything but it would be great if
someone could take the notes so I don't
have to do the moderation anything else
thanks Molly
it probably won't be much anyway but
thanks all right
so please put your name on the list if
you are attending on the prepared and
yeah so I don't have any agenda items
because I just erased the group head
five minutes ago
so if you have anything please add your
items or raise your hand and I start
what I've been doing so I've worked on
this I put these selectors part for
graph sync and there's a random crypt
pad out there from Eric and me
brainstorming for two hours but it's
really like not really usable for Atilla
consumption so I just we're still
hacking on it still yeah making things
up so everyone's there's something that
can be linked we will link it but I
think we make good progress so far also
we were last week or like this weekend
it of forced them so Eric and I also had
time to talk in person for the stuff and
yeah I think we're getting there all
right any updates from anywhere else
so as anyone any I partly related work
last the last two weeks yes yes briefly
I switched over the stuff I was working
to use IP LD instead of protobufs and
Eric reached out to me while I was while
I was on vacation and I'm probably gonna
be a guinea pig for some of his stuff
nice that's great
Malik I had a question just related to
that about I feel D prime and like it's
its pathway to being I peel the less
crime crime less or like you know merge
merged into core is there is there kind
of like and I gender a pop on that I
know Eric would probably be the best
person to to speak to it used here so as
far as I know from Eric is that the plan
is that it so as a eld prime is its own
module the plan is like a soft
transition basically so you new modules
can use the new stuff and then slowly
remove everything over to the high poly
prime stuff I think that's the plan
Steven it may also make sense to turn to
some fog my first because that's more
self-contained cool there are any
questions or other topics or yeah so yep
Molly had a had a quick chat with um
with Jeremy just in passing about graphs
Inc and we we now have it was a meeting
on Fridays at 9:00 a.m. PST
so hopefully a decent time for folks
that we will use as needed and cancel if
we don't have any topics that we want to
discuss together and but one of the
things that I think is gonna be pretty
important to make sure that the thing
that we implement is the right thing for
people to to use effectively in the near
term is to make sure that we have kind
of a design doc that encodes the choices
that we are making and we get signed off
on it and then any changes to the design
doc like we we make sure to get approval
from all of the the folks who want to
use this in the near term such that we
don't end up building something that has
a like different call signature or
something or different performance
characters something that then people
who want to use this can use so that's
kind of an ask for folks on the IP LD
side as well to make sure to work with
wire protocol people and that we have
kind of a more comprehensive document
that we don't just just go directly to
oh we're gonna build it and then we'll
document it let's make sure that we
document what we're going to build
before we we try and build the whole
thing to make sure that it's the right
thing
you
yes so anything else cool it's perfect
good time because my voice gets worse
and worse
yeah so yeah if there's anything else we
stopped the meeting here most of the
folks will meet again on Friday for the
grousing meeting probably and yes I
guess I will pray for the next time I
will prepare something - basically like
summing up the graph sync meeting for
the people that don't attend it so yeah
there's a bit of loop but I haven't
prepared anything I was just coming from
the post M so next time here we have
some more to tell cool then thanks for
attending and talk to you all in two
weeks
good bye